[MTM-58907] Fixed losing permissions for sso users (#1977)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-341-0-fixed-losing-permissions-for-sso-users.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed losing permissions for SSO users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Permissions for SSO users no longer lost when upgrading the platform from version 10.17
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-58907
version: 10.20.341.0
---

> An issue has been fixed with losing permissions for SSO users after the platform upgrade from version 10.17 to newer. Now, updating the platform version does not affect user permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a platform upgrade from version 10.17 to a later version an issue occurred that the permissions for SSO users got lost. This issue has been fixed and updating the platform version does no longer affect user permissions.
```
